refactor: add warning when user creates video object using a file path, or raw bytes with the fps argument (#8585)
wandb/wandb: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Allow users to link Registry artifacts without inputting the organization entity name (@estellazx in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8482)

> - Added a warning message indicating that the `fps` argument will be ignored when creating a wandb.Video object with a string or a bytes object. (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8585)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a warning message indicating that the `fps` argument will be ignored when creating a `wandb.Video` object form a path or a bytes object. (@jacobromero in https://github.com/wandb/wandb/pull/8585)
```
